The increasing global demand
for plastic coincides –
with the need to solve the plastic waste challenge.
We are rethinking materials
and material cycles –
to help find solutions to these big questions.
There are several good alternatives
for sustainable solutions.
We see a lot of potential in existing plastic
waste as valuable raw material.
Our unique VAREX pilot line provides
adaptive processing control for recyclates.
This enables upgrading recycled plastics
to be used in high-value applications.
In addition, new bio-based and
biodegradable plastics and composites –
provide new opportunities to fulfil global material needs.
We research and develop new thermoplastic
materials for various applications.
This involves the valorisation of recycled plastics –
as well as the creation of
high-performance biocomposites.
Material design is a crucial step when
enabling the circular economy of plastics.
Our multiple piloting capabilities and expertise –
enable the creation of a wide variety of
novel materials for numerous applications.
We bring together multidisciplinary teams –
to ensure the functionality of applications
while meeting circular economy requirements.
Plastic will continue to be an extremely
important material in the future.
We help our customers to transform their
businesses to match global sustainability ambitions.